Who is Beijiang Master?
And where is the ancestor? The Beijiang Master is still alive.
It's too strong. I can't find it at all.
Not to mention that our Zhan family is the hand of the four great families of China,
Except for the soft family of Yanshi,
The only one who can share our name is Guan Jia.
It's a pity that the sale of armor offended the Beijiang Master.
That status is no longer what it used to be.
One of these four families is missing,
There is nothing I can do about it, the king of the country,
Only Master Beijiang can deal with many kings of palaces.
All Die in the East comes from Zongzong.com
Talking about the identity of monsters and gods in battle
There are still many people
Hear all the industries of Xiangjing
They are all secretly controlled by him
The Lu family and the Wei family among the four major families in Jiulian
All are favored
If this continues
We bargain
Health help me
Ke Beijiang Xunrao
It’s okay not to take it for granted
You are simply a Japanese legend
They were all killed in the East
How many Chinese do we have?
Beijiang Xunrao
In Huzhou, we Chinese people are now
We can only rely on the powerful God's Network
Only in this way can our bargaining price be protected from risk.
But if you know it, you can’t tell me, big brother.
Zhan Tiancheng is not dead
He also accused the Lin family
The marriage egg of the failed special committee on this matter
He still dares to live like a dog
The Lin family is a small family in our Yuncheng city.
They Junran dared to take him in
Compete with us on price
The Lin family should be negative
But this is a situation
Let the Lin family join the game
Tell the world
If anyone dares to leave Zhan Tianquan Lingjia
Stay safe